you
hey guys this is a shake from goddess to
calm and today we are here at the Mobile
World Congress 2014 and we are here at
its gionee booth Junie has already been
available in India sort of different
types of homes our company last year
they made attribute in India and now
they are approximately one year old last
year I was the first one to actually
cover gionee food when they had a very
small food and this time around they
have a pretty poof proposed and you can
actually see how big the booth in the
end of this video right now we have the
latest tool which is an awesome journey
and this is called Elife s 5.5 so Suri
life s iPhone 5 is the latest flagship
phone and it is coming to India by end
of March by end of March it will be
there in India and in the beginning of a
Braille or by Apple made you will see
this phone selling in India this one is
having the latest hardware specification
it has the latest hardware it has the
octa-core chipset from mediatek and
again this is going to be the successor
of the gionee Elife i7 which was
recently launched in india and now it is
available when we talk about the
certifications of the spoon and before
we actually talk about the
classifications we were the two colors
which we have this one is going to come
in around five or six fellows well just
now we have the black and white color
and I mean both of these colors have a
food charm up on of their own when we
take a look over these two phones the
front of the right basically resemble
the white color
resemble the black lever because the
bezel is actually black on the black one
and the bezel is white on the white one
whereas if we take a look on the
backside the backside we have black
glass on the black one and same way we
have the white cloth on the white one so
in terms of the look and feel and the
overall compactor the kind of look and
feel this phone has it actually looks
very premium and very good in terms of
the overall design itself this phone is
very thin it is approximately 5.5
millimeter thick I guess again I am not
too sure about the thickness but this is
the clinic thinnest one they say up till
now the tab actually announced till now
this phone is not yet available in India
it was come to India in a press so let's
take a look over the first of all
designs we have the black and white
version when it comes to the chassis of
the pose the chassis of the frame phone
is actually made up of metal so this is
actually metal not any kind of plastic
and again the overall finishing of the
metal is very good and it feels like
aluminium alloy and from the black one
as well it has aluminum alloy which
actually makes the device quite sturdy
but it is quite solid to hold in one
hand status
it feels really solid and release
premium so this is one of the premium
phone in terms of looking field till now
which we have seen from journey and it
will come to India in a pail when we
talk about this device as far as the
hardware specifications are concerned
the rear of this device has a 13
megapixel camera with LED flash times
you have a second.we microphone for
on this side we have the same cartridge
slot so the SIM card slot will come out
whenever you insert the sim ejection
tool and then over here you have the
micro SD code for data syncing and
charging so in terms of the overall look
and feel I would like to say the kind of
color pattern which they have for this
phone it has been looking pretty good
that is something I can say and why
because the color profile of the phone
actually can be recognized from any
angle either you are looking from it
from the edge side if you are looking
from the front side you will notice the
color if you are looking it from the
back side you will notice the color and
in terms of the overall build quality
and the finishing the kind of material
which have been used on this whole
Jewish really premium when it comes to
the front the front on this device is
class whereas when it comes to the back
the back of this device is also class
and any other phone where we have seen
similar to this is the Sony Xperia Z and
the Sony period is now a known point but
this cool just like the Sony Xperia sets
also has the glass at the back side as
well as on the front and both of these
gloves are calling world of glass piece
protection through so you have fun in
Gorilla Glass protection both on the
front as well as on the back side so it
gives you a very good protection when
you hold the device in one hand and it
will not break very easily that is
something which we can say so it is
quite strong and it will not break that
is something
which is definitely we can see